update list for async iterable objects (#31320)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/symbol/asynciterator/index.md

### Built-in async iterables

> {{domxref("ReadableStream")}}, {{domxref("FileSystemDirectoryHandle")}} and {{domxref("WorkletSharedStorage")}} are the built-in JavaScript objects that has the `Symbol.asyncIterator` method set by default.

Reviewer: We cannot be exhaustive about web APIs and it's not the goal either.

```suggestion
There is no object in the core JavaScript language that is async iterable. Some web APIs, such as {{domxref("ReadableStream")}}, have the `Symbol.asyncIterator` method set by default.
```
